Lao Bai, don't walk around.
It’s so frustrating to walk. I'm anxious,
This thing is intended to be given away. If it is fake,
I'm miserable. President Zhao,
How about it? It’s indeed fake.
It's over, it's over, he spent so much time looking for me to replace him first.
President Zhao, you still remember the point of consciousness fabrication that was destroyed by three swords two years ago.
You are talking about those fake pre-diao people who are instantaneous.
Yes, this is what I do with them.
Okay, I was deceived into getting married in vain.
If I don't cheer them up, my surname will not be Bai.
At that time, we didn't treat them blindly.
What can we do now
Establish a Royal Master Company
Find a way to lure out the people behind you
That is, we need to integrate the standards of the entire Tianhai Royal Master industry
Covering everything from original to engraving
Such an all-round machine-operated company
Read the decision to make counterfeit goods and sell counterfeit goods
It is necessary to keep a fake partner
Even if I no longer invest in exploding the industry, it will bring
Brother Zheng, Sister Zhao
You can gain it for a while, or you can gain it for a lifetime.
Defects control the source of output
Meng Sijia is also responsible for the sales of finished products
There will be a lot of business for our main treasure
There's something I really need your help with.
Help me contact Mr. Zhao from Tianmei Chubao
Since he, Meng Sijia, has defected to
Let's try to find a rival for him.
Okay, brother, since you want to do it
He won't let go of anyone around you.
Instead of passively hiding